1. In your own words, what is a subquery?
a subquery has a query within a query. the inner query resolves its answer to the outer query who resolves to the requestor

2. In your own words, what is a self contained subquery?
self contained subqueries are queries that run independently of the tables of the outer query
inner self contained subqueries can be run by themselves

3. In your own words, what is a correlated subquery?
a correlated subquery is dependent on the outer tables from the outer query. 
in order for a correlated subquery to work, it needs data from the outer query.

4. Give an example of a subquery that returns a single value. When would you use this kind of subquery?


5. Give an example of a subquery that returns multiple values. When would you use this kind of subquery?
say you were looking specifically for zipcodes your store uses.

6. Give an example of a subquery that returns table values. When would you use this kind of subquery?
anytime you use a subquery in the from clause. the from clause returns table values

7. What does the exists predicate do? Give an example.
it returns two valued logic

8. What happens if we use the not operator before a predicate? Give an example.
reverses the true value.
pg 146. Let’s start with the part that does behave like you expect it to. The IN predicate returns TRUE for a
customer who placed orders (for example, customer 85), because such a customer is returned by the
subquery. The NOT operator negates the IN predicate; hence, the NOT TRUE becomes FALSE, and the
customer is discarded.

9. When you use exists or not exists with respect to a row in a database, does it return two or three
values? Explain your answer.
it only returns two values. true/false. it cant return true/false/unknown because there's no question 
of the existence of the data elsewhere. either the row is there or it isnt.

10. How would you a subquery to calculate aggregates? For example, you want to calculate yearly sales
of a product, and you also want to keep a running sum of total sales. Explain how you would use a
subquery to do this.





